hey guys it's all-around stuff here and
today I'm going to be feeding my bass
and bluegill hopefully hopefully my
blogger ladies some little fish and so
here's the bass really anticipating food
bluegill as usual just hiding alright so
let's get some of these fish out huh
there's three just put one in for it now
for a second so there's a fish see it's
like a tiny little minnow just tiny tiny
tiny alright now I shake it under so you
can see it right it goes there's the
fish but he doesn't notice it yet
there it goes BAM alright let's go for
another No
put another one in actually this one's a
little bigger just munches it it's like
instant so you as soon as that thing's
what's the water he's just on it let's
see if you get a bluegill to come out
and eat one of these things not the
passage is eating off alright or just
even put two at a time in there's one
put them down for a second just he'll be
okay just games you can get two out
there's another I've got two little fish
go add three just dropped another
alright so here's the second fish will
just plot both of these guys in at the
same time
there's one and two today both up now
maybe it's a second she's hungry all
right there's two more left
kind of tough to scoop out and they're
only two left there's one spare Liam
edges in there all right let's get this
thing he's just so hungry he's eaten six
how many is easy six yeah six fish
here's the last one that's a little fish
we gotta go get the blue yo something to
eat fish tricking a little bit and he
ate it
goodness alright so that's all the fish
got then the cut seven so well eight
seven seven little sunfish look ill
again didn't get anything so all around
stuff over and out